Right, it's time to demonstrate these features.
In this demo,
you're going to see the POJO that corresponds to the
loan application JSON document.
Then we'll use the Jackson API to bind the JSON document input into the POJO.
This will make the API usage within Jackson clear.
It will also make the conventions the POJO has to follow apparent.
You will also see what kinds of errors can occur.
Okay, so let's describe the structure of our POJO here,
our plain old Java object.
Now,
the basic loan application that we're going to use for
deserialization here has a name, it has a purposeOfLoan,
it has a loanDetails field, and it has a jobs list.
And each of these different fields has a getter and a setter,
which follow the Java naming conventions,
getName for returning and reading the name,
setName for writing the name.
This BasicLoanDetails object that we'll see within
it also has the same conventions, an amount,
the startDate, and an endDate, and getter and setters for each of these values.
Now you may notice that when it comes to the dates here,
I'm just using strings to represent dates because
we're using strings in the JSON.
Don't worry about that.
That's not an inherent limitation to this approach.
We'll see how to solve that in the next section.
If we want to take our BasicLoanApplication and have a way of
consuming a JSON file into this object, then we need to first of all,
like pretty much everything else, start off with an ObjectMapper.
Now we've got our ObjectMapper, it's very,
very, very simple, incredibly simple to do the binding.
We just call the.
readValue method.
And the first argument of.
readValue is a source where the JSON is.
So that could be a DataInput, a JsonParser,
it could just be a string, it could be an InputStream,
all sorts of things.
Here we're going to use the file, the BANK_LOAN_FILE,
and then you just need to use the class literal,
the Java class literal, in order to say what type to read it back out as.
So the class literal in this case would be BasicLoanApplication.
class.
Then, we can assign that to a field here.
I'm just going to reformat that so it's a little bit easier to read.
We take our loanApplication, we do the.
readValue on the BasicLoanApplication.
class literal, then we instantiate it to a local variable.
And just to show you what's been read in here,
I'm going to print out that loanApplication.
Let's run the code, and we'll see on the command line what's gotten printed out.
Here is the toString method of the loanApplication,
the BasicLoanApplication object.
It set the name, the purposeOfLoan.
I mean you can see all these fields are filled in and everything works.
Lovely and incredibly simple.
It was just really this one line of code, this.
readValue.
You have to be a little bit aware here of what's going on.
In the BasicLoanApplication class, we had some getters and setters.
Now technically,
we can actually remove the setters and Jackson will do a bit of magic
here and it will deserialize those values any way.
Even though you have a private field for the name,
it's using reflection under the hood to make that field accessible
and being able to set the value into that name.
So quite cool, but I don't really believe in cool code myself.
I believe in simple code.
It's better to have the getters and setters here and
stick with the Java convention.
Make it easier to understand for people coming in and maintaining your code.
The other thing to be aware of is the naming is really important here.
So if I take that applicantName and I rename it,
including the getters and the setters, so now everything says applicantName.
And I go back to my ConsumingWithBindingApi example,
and I rerun this, I'm going to get a huge error.
Okay.
Here we go.
What does that error tell me?
It's an unrecognized field called name.
That was the name from the JSON file.
I only know about the properties loanDetails,
applicantName, jobs, and purposeOfLoan.
So you have to make sure here that you get the name the field
exactly the same in your Java code and your JSON code.
There are ways you can get around that that we'll just see in a little bit.
But again, if you can do it, it's best to do it. Binding API, nice and simple.